hey guys lisa-marie Baron also known as
Victoria from deputy sheriff apparently
and you are watching defense
so which is here in Chicago hanging out
with Matt Nick we found ourselves at
Riot Fest in Chicago it's Riot Fest day
free
we are going to wrestle at a toy confess
bubbles bubbles of smoke oh my god
little bitch
where
my favorite song Iowa and Big C has a
cheeky Big C has been on a very strict
diet for the last few months with a link
to the last two months he's trying to
win 50 Randy's Jim we're really bad
people because we persuaded him that
drinking on his birthday on Monday is a
brilliant idea I stopped by a cuz we're
gonna be incredible I really gave this
shit mate we're trying to do a bit of
ablution out but I'm just sort of
walking around in this mask and this
kind of ghetto area - of diamonds
who knows rheticus magic shit but Joyce
but the converse here the camera on this
blunt laughing big hard man he's done
Wow though for the rest of all though
and now we're going to a typical
American house
house parties failed again which sucks
overly Ricky shame Paige is gonna hook
us up with one of sweet guys
but if not we should get drunk and like
do shit because they seemed for a while
and he's feeling it
Mark's trying to ride a cock he's drunk
he's pissed
get down get down
I have a strange talent
I like and drink water faster than any
human possible buddy how look at him
you're doing remember I tell you this
morning I get to chug water bottles Mark
Andrews round two ladies and gentlemen
even though I'm the biggest mountain
ever I'm not in the boot
fights out to come
I can take my place
it's like Bemidji
and that's keeping me alive
hey guys I hope you enjoyed episode two
hope you defended the rest in u.s. tour
video diaries where you so much we wanna
say thanks to everybody's post up on
this trip so far
we really appreciate everyone's doing
you know there's a lot everyone who's
been appreciating my awesome magic trick
the love is just if you want to check
out some footage of us yeah of people
saying if you wanna check out footage of
us wrestling on this trip head it would
smart my video where you will see how
much you strong wrestling school BWAA
wave and will also see attack no
wrestling we're now on there are really
big thanks as well to Alex also who's
currently suit Lee was subscriber to the
Clemson University
the charity's rupees also subscribe to
it's not happening fuck this Vince that
these bins Mark Andrews pro-wrestler was
I'm pecan you can follow us on twitter
at magnet to the druze very much done
bye god bless everyone